[Music]
so who doesn't know about the Sydney
Opera House in Australia the Great
Pyramid of Giza in Egypt or the Statue
of Liberty in the US but unless you
visited these places it's hard to
imagine how big the famous landmarks
really are comparing them to something
you've actually seen either on TV or in
real life might help so bright side is
proud to provide you with some whopper
analogies sit tight I'll explain the
Golden Gate Bridge
San Francisco us around 83 years ago the
world saw this famous landmark in all
its glory for the first time connecting
the city of San Francisco and Marin
County the bridge is painted
international orange the entire
construction is huge it weighs as much
as two million midsize bison or 127
thousand African elephants the world's
largest animals hey imagine cleaning up
after that don't forget your shovel the
Great Wall of China some sections of
this monumental construction appeared
already in the seventh century BCE if
you stretched out the entire wall it
would probably fall apart but it would
extend more than halfway around the
globe
imagine this if you decided to measure
the landmarks length and the longest
snakes in the world it would take more
than 2 million pythons placed one after
another hey they just want to hug you
the Eiffel Tower
Paris friends built as an entrance arch
for the 1889 World's Fair the famous
Tower was supposed to stand for only 20
years luckily it became a hit and wasn't
dismantled the Eiffel Tower is a heavy
thing it weighs as much as two million
well-fed domestic cats or a 14 and a
half thousand adult counts well cats
love milk so that works the Empire State
Building New York City us it took just
one year and 45 days to construct the
famous skyscraper after it had been
completed the building remained the
world's tallest for another 40 years
no wonder the thing is three times as
tall as the great
Pyramid of Giza if you measured its
weight in Tigers it would make 1 million
and a half adult males it would be even
more in giant pandas two and a half
million of acute cuddly critters the Taj
Mahal Agra India no one has ever weighed
the ivory weight marble mausoleum which
is considered to be one of the seven new
wonders of the world but you can imagine
how monumental it is if just one marble
block from the Taj Mahal weighs as much
as 120 adult male wolves the
construction is also as high as 13
giraffes put one on top of another who
wait
it's the serta giraffe the Basilica de
la sagrada familia barcelona spain
winless Sagrada família is finally
completed and it's already been under
construction for well over a century it
will have taken more than seven times
longer to build than the Great Pyramid
of Giza when the tallest spire is
finished the basilica will be as tall as
six blue whales the largest living
animals on earth or nine large whale
sharks so that means the laws whale that
ends well the Sydney Opera House
Australia one of the most famous
buildings in the world the Sydney Opera
House cost almost sixty eight million
dollars to build that's much more than
its initially estimated cost the
breathtaking construction weighs as much
as three hundred forty thousand large
adult polar bears are almost 50 thousand
grizzly bears Wow
I can hardly bear it Milan Cathedral
Italy more than 80% of all the tourists
visiting Milan dropped by the Duomo
which totals over six million people a
year the Gothic style Cathedral is
decorated with 135 gargoyles 3,400
statues and 700 figures it's weight is
as great as that of 1.3 million large
male lions or 6.5 million middle sized
leopards are you seeing spots
the leaning tower of pizza I mean Pisa
Italy it took almost two centuries to
build the elegant construction the tower
wasn't supposed to be laying it it's the
result of some wrong design plans like a
too shallow foundation and the soft
grounds of Pisa the tower weighs as much
as 14,500 fully grown camels and is as
tall as 21 ostriches the tallest Birds
on the planet
placed one on top of the other regarding
the camels is that one hump or two the
Statue of Liberty New York City u.s. the
statue was designed by a French sculptor
built in France and shipped to New York
in crate to be assembled again on what
was then called Bedloe's Island the
Statue of Liberty is sixty times as
heavy as an adult male hippo and he
can't even hold the lamp if you build a
stack out of 50 moose it would equal the
statues overall height from the tip of
the torch to the petal foundation the
Burj Khalifa Dubai UAE the tallest
building in the world the Burj Khalifa
has more than 160 storeys and it's the
highest number of storeys in the world
by the way the amazing construction
holds tons of Records its elevator
travels the longest distance in the
world the building's outdoor observation
deck is the highest on our planet the
world's highest occupied floor is also
in the Burj Khalifa it would take almost
136 adult saltwater crocodiles the
longest crocodile species to build
another Burj Kalifa but they're not very
good engineers before its floors got
filled with people the building weighed
as much as 300 thousand adult rhinos
would you like to clean up after the
rhinos are done tell me about it in the
comments the Great Pyramid of Giza in
Egypt one of the biggest mysteries in
the world the Great Pyramid consists of
more than 2 million stone blocks each
weighing from 2 to 15 tons you can
imagine how heavy the entire
construction is if we compare its weight
with the most massive living creature
the blue whale it would make more than
30,000
stig animals I don't think the whales
would dig the sand though the Brooklyn
Bridge New York City us the famous
landmark got its name in 1867 but even
several decades later it was still
referred to as the great East River
suspension bridge the great East River
bridge and even the New York and
Brooklyn Bridge the construction weighs
as much as 95,000 male deer or 58,000
giant Galapagos Tortoises ah my dear
tortoises fast and slow Big Bend London
UK
now people tend to use this name to
refer both to the famous clock and the
clock tower not everyone knows that Big
Ben is actually the main Belle's
nickname this bill is also officially
known as the Great Bell and for good
reason this massive ding-dong
weighs more than three adult African
elephants and the entire clock tower is
as tall as 32 male brown bears standing
upright on top of one another yeah Big
Ben brown bears riding on three
irrelevant elephants can you imagine
managing such an imaginary menagerie the
Petronas Towers Kuala Lumpur Malaysia
from 1998 to 2004 the Petronas Towers
were the tallest buildings in the world
it costs around 1.6 billion dollars to
build the twins a big part of this money
must have been spent on the building's
32,000 windows each of the twin towers
weighs as much as thirty million large
male koalas or 4.5 million Giant Pacific
octopus combined
that's nearly 80 million legs but who's
counting the Space Needle Seattle USA
this landmark has long become the city's
icon even though it looks elegant and
kind of fragile the observation tower
was built to withstand the most severe
storms and earthquakes of up to a 9.0
magnitude plus the construction as 25
lightning rods the space needles weight
equals that of 19,000 male moves for 48
thousand adult ponies the tower is also
as tall as 60 Komodo dragon
the largest lizards on our planet and
rather than let this drag on any further
I'll stop myself here hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy yeah
just click on the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life